---
title: A troublesome trip to Taco Bell
published: 2025-01-22
description: I just wanted to go to Taco Bell to eat with my friends. Unfortunately, the T worked its magic and made that not so easy.
tags: [MBTA Fail, Boston]
category: Daily Life
draft: false
---

## Usually the T treats me pretty well. This was another night it unfortunately didn't.

So, late at night (around 11 o'clock) my friends wanted to go to Taco Bell, so I of course tagged along. I was pretty hungry as well, after all. The closest Taco Bell to our college dorm is about a 20-30 minute walk, so walking there usually isn't an issue but this time we decided to take the T due to how frigid it was outside. This Taco Bell is luckily quite easy to get to by transit as it's right across the street from Amory Street. Of course, the T made this much more difficult than it should've been.

We got on at Museum of Fine Arts and everything was fine until we grinded to a halt at Symphony. We stood at the platform for around 15 minutes because of, guess what? A disabled train ahead of us. Numerous people got on and off in the time we were waiting, but we were determined to get Taco Bell.

When the train starting moving again we were excited as we thought this was the end of the delays. Turns out it wasn't. Things were smooth sailing until we got to the junction after Copley where the E branches off. We were just sitting here with no explanation until the conductor came onto the intercom saying that there was a power issue at Arlington. We didn't think much of it, since the last delay was only about 15 minutes, but this delay quickly spiraled into an ***HOUR***. I was honestly getting ticked off because all we wanted was Taco Bell, yet our journey was turning into this long-winded nightmare.

We were all rejoiced when we started moving again. We got off at Arlington to transfer westbound to the B. Me and two other friends were still enthusiastic about Taco Bell, buit the other two decided to split off from us here and go to the Taco Bell in Downtown Crossing which was indeed closer. We didn't think much of that until one of the friends I was still with was texted by one of the two that split off, saying the other was feeling sick- almost as if they were going to throw up- so they decided to just head back to our dorm. I honestly felt pretty bad for them because they had wasted immense time on this 1hr+ long journey for Taco Bell, only for it to end in them *not* getting Taco Bell.

Me and my two other friends did end up getting to the Taco Bell with no other delays or funny business getting in our way. I got a Grilled Cheese Burrito modified to a point that I don't remember the specifics of, and we called an Uber to get back to the dorm because T service had ended and it was too damn cold out to walk.