---
title: A turbulent trip to Target
published: 2024-10-23
description: I just wanted to go to Target to get a slicker brush and some snacks. Unfortunately, the T worked its magic and made that not so easy.
tags: [MBTA, Boston]
category: Daily Life
draft: false
---

## Usually the T treats me pretty well. This was one of the nights it unfortunately didn't.

So earlier today I had two errands I wanted to run. First, I needed to go Target to pick up a slicker brush for my new fursuit and some snacks. After, I wanted to stop at Primark to pick up some more skirts. Since I was going to the Target in Porter, I took the T as I usually do. Normally it's pretty uneventful, but today was a bit different.

First I took the Green Line to Park Street to transfer to the Red Line, and then intended to take it to Porter. This is where things gets interesting. 

The ride is normal until for seemingly no reason the operator slammed on the emergency brakes in the tunnel to Charles/MGH. This wasn't a one time thing- I'm not sure why, but this kept happening between every single station. No announcements about it or anything. Nothing else of note happened until we got to Central, which was when the operator announced that my train was switching to an express to Alewife at Harvard because there were two trains bunched behind us, and that if we were getting off at Porter or Davis (so including me, of course) then we'd have to wait at Harvard for the next train.

So, not one, but two more emergency stops later we made it to Harvard and I disembarked. The train left and the next one pulled in- only for them to announce that this train was now turning around back towards Boston! Seriously guys? So we had to wait like 7 more minutes until the next non-express train pulled in.

At Porter, I took the elevators of course. Ain't no way I'm trekking up those escalators or stairs.

Thankfully, the way back was pretty uneventful. The train I took back wasn't doing the emergency stopping between stations so I have no clue what was up with that. One of my friends suggested police activity when I brought it up, but I never noticed anything awry happening at the stations...

Unfortunately, due to how... well, turbulent my trip to Target was, it took way longer than it should've and I didn't have time to go to Primark after to get more skirts like I originally planned. But I can just stop by there tomorrow!

