---
title: My newfound appreciation for biking
published: 2024-12-27
description: I have been scared to learn how to ride a bike for my whole life, until now. And honestly, I don't know what I was scared of. I'm a natural at biking!
tags: [Biking, Exercise]
category: Daily Life
draft: false
---

## Biking throughout my life

Throughout my childhood, I did not have a good relationship with biking. My parents attempted to teach me numerous times when I was very young, but I could never get the damn fear of falling and hurting myself out of my head. My parents tried everything but nothing worked. There were only ever a few times I remember being able to get my bike going on my own for the most part. I think a large part of this was due to the fact of me being little; I just couldn't handle that fear and was unable to put it past me, so I would always clam up whenever my parents would try to give me instructions or help me.

This inability to learn biking led me to the world of scooters. I very quickly adapted to scooters and became very good at riding them. My parents would come out with me all the time to watch me scooter around the block and such. A few years ago I even bought myself an electric scooter that I still have and use to this day. I think I was able to get the hang of scooters so quickly because they're easier to learn than bikes; you're standing, there's less to think about, and your center of gravity is higher.

This all changed when I moved to Boston for college. I did not bring my electric scooter down with me because it would've been way too bulky, nor would I have anywhere to store it down here. I was already aware of Boston's BlueBikes system, but I had never observed it on a day-to-day basis before. Seeing a ton of people riding them around the city and realizing how inconvenient many of my trips are by public transit, I realized I needed to get this fear out of my head and try learning how to ride a bike again.

I did some searching around and found the Bicycle Riding School, based in Somerville. After reading all the good feedback, I booked a private lesson with one of the teachers, Susan. I was not prepared for how well I would end up doing during this practice.

Susan, my teacher, was impressed almost right off the bat. I was not as clumsy with the bike as most first-timers are. I was able to get the hang of pushing off and trying to balance pretty quickly. Same thing with learning how to properly turn and bike in a straight line. When she added pedaling into the mix, I also had very little trouble getting the hang of it. The biggest problem I had was starting from a stop, as that would make my balance go totally out of wack. But by the time the lesson was over, Susan was impressed and told me I got the hang of biking unusually fast compared to her usual students.

Now, I told Susan this as well, but I suspect a reason I was able to get the hang of biking so quickly is because of my years spent with scooters. When you think about it, scooters work on the same basic principle as bikes: balance. If you can't balance, you'll either be very wobbly or it'll just tip over on you. Scooters are just much more forgiving than bikes. I think those skills were able to transfer over to biking, and since I already had a good hang of balance from the getgo, all of the other pieces just kind of naturally fell into place. A lot of beginners seem to have this problem with balance at first, which leads to them feeling like they don't have full control of the bike and messing up other actions such as pedaling or turning because they have trouble doing that in conjunction.

## Christmas 2024

I started desiring a bike of my own and did intense research. After a while, I discovered Retrospec and their wide range of bikes. They weren't my first choice originally, but after comparing many other brands, Retrospec quickly became my favorite option.

For Christmas, I got an extremely nice Retrospce bike, along with numerous accessories. I've ridden it around a fair bit and so far it's been a really good bike. I do honestly wish I had an ebike instead, but (quality) ones are much more expensive than comparable non-ebikes. I also already have an electric scooter, so managing two kinds of electric transportation would probably be a bit much for me. I will probably upgrade one day, though.

For now, the Retrospec will serve my needs just fine.

## Present day

I have since become extremely good at biking and bike very frequently around Boston via the Blue Bikes. And of course, when I'm home, that's when I ride my Retrospec. I'm honestly really happy I've finally learned how to bike because it has opened up a whole new world of mobility to me. It's made so many trips more convenient, and biking is also just fun to do. In Boston, I've biked so many trips you could easily traverse by public transit just for the fun of it. If you haven't learned how to bike yet, I strongly urge you to.